ThreatVault EDL Feed (#37465)
demisto/content: Packs/FeedThreatVault/Integrations/FeedThreatVault/FeedThreatVault_description.md

## Get Your API Key
  1. Log in to the [Palo Alto Networks Customer Service Portal](https://support.paloaltonetworks.com/Support) with an account that has Super User privileges.
  2. Select **Assets** and then **API Key Management**.

>   3. From the **Select an API key** drop down, select the API key based on the subscription type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  3. From the **Select an API key** dropdown list, select the API key based on the subscription type.
```

  4. Set your API key in the API key field of the integration configuration
   

> See [this documentation](https://support.paloaltonetworks.com/Support) for information about the API key.

Reviewer: This is not a document.  
How about:
See [here}(https://support.paloaltonetworks.com/Support) for information about the API key.
(However, I am not sure what I should click once I get to this page.)
